>> Francesca Sadikin: So for my specialty
items, I'm going to group them as well,
and I'm gonna call them
specialty item behavior.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Another callback,
inside of this,
I'm going to create another one for
each particular item.
So I'm going to say this is HB.
And then now we have a condition here.
So age three actually increases
in quality the older it gets.
So I'll call this,
it should increase in quality.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Okay, and this time,
I'm going to create my new gilded rose
shop with a single item instead of foo.
I'm going to use this age three term.
I'm going to have a selling of ten and
a quality of 20.
I'm going to call gilded rose,
update quality, and now I expect
that the first items quality.
Actually let me check the sell in first.
Just making sure that
the behavior is as expected.
So if it's like a regular item,
it's going to just be nine, in this case,
which is right, and
then now I check the quality,
increases in quality, so
it should be 21, okay.
>> Francesca Sadikin: It also says that
the quality of an item is never more than
50, so I'm noticing that this
isn't tied to any particular item,
but it looks like an item that
increments will never be more than 50.
So I'm gonna add that case.
I'll call it, it should never
have a quality more than 50.
So it should never have
a quality more than 50.
>> Francesca Sadikin: So
I'm gonna create my new gilded rose,
shop with a single item called aged Brie.
I have a sell in of ten.
This time I have a quality of 50, so
I'm gonna grab items from gilded rose,
update quality, and now I expect that
the items quality is going to be 50.
So it's never going to go past that.
Okay, so let's see everything's there.
Okay, so let's do the next item.
We have Sulfuras.
So I'm gonna create another
describe block here Sulfuras.
And this one's going to say,
it should never, so
far as being a legendary item, never
has to be sold or decreases in quality.
So I'll just say it should not
change quality or selling.
Should not change quality or selling.
>> Francesca Sadikin: I'm
gonna create my new items.
I'm sorry, [LAUGH] I'm going to
create my new gilded rose shop,
which has a single item.
I'm going to take the name that's
in the requirements field so
first, gonna have a sell in of ten,
quality of 20.
And then I'm gonna grab items
from gilded rose update quality.
>> Francesca Sadikin: And now I expect
that the first items sellIn is going to
be here, so if it doesn't change,
it should be ten.
Except when I click save,
this is failing, right?
We expected ten, but it received nine.
So I think there's something wrong
with the way we're writing our tests.
So when I actually go into the code
I can see very quickly that
actually the name of the test is Sulfuras,
Hand of Ragnaros.
That is actually the full name match.
So I'm gonna grab that, put this in.
Okay, so now, we have the actual test so
I'm gonna rename this describe block,
whoop.
>> Francesca Sadikin: There we go, okay.
So we had checked selling,
let's also check the quality now.
>> Francesca Sadikin: To be 20,
doesn't change.
Perfect, okay,
now we have backstage passes,
so let us create a new describe block for
this.
Okay, so
backstage passes like aged brie increases
in quality as it's sell
in value approaches.
And then it changes how much it
increases by as it gets closer to zero.
But let's handle this one first.
So I'll say it should increase
in quality if it's more
than ten days,
if there are ten days, okay, so.
If it's 11 days or more so
that's what I'll call it,
it should increase in quality
if selling is 11 days or more.
>> Francesca Sadikin: So gonna create my
new gilded rose shop with a single item,
gonna just paste this string
in as the name of the item.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Doesn't
know what to do with that code.
Selling of 11, quality of 20, right?
Cuz we're checking this is the default
case and it has to be 11 days or
more, so I'm going to grab items
from gilded rose update quality.
Let's do our usual check at the selling
is decrementing as expected.
So I expect this to be ten, yeah?
And then I'm now going to check quality.
I expect that to be 21,
except it's failing again.
So it's decremented instead.
So I'm actually gonna go back to
the source code and I saw it when I was
looking at the Sulfuras, that this is
actually the full name of this item.
So I'm just going to copy that,
paste it in here, and
I'll also change
the describe block as well.
Okay, so we have that first case.
The second one is that
the quality increases by two.
When there are ten days or less.
Actually, before I do that,
I actually want to write a test case for
this that the quality of
an item is never more than 50.
So I'm going to actually copy this test
cuz it's going to be very, very similar.
I'm just going to just say,
but never more than 50.
And I'm going to add 50 to the quality.
I'm going to click Save.
I know it's going to fail,
but yes, I've received 50,
so I'm just gonna add that in, okay?
And now we can do the next one.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Quality increases
by two when there are ten days or less.
Really, it's between ten days and
six, right?
If I read that requirement.
So it should increase quality by two
when the selling is between ten days and
six.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Inside of this,
I'm going to create my new gilded
rose shop with a single item.
I'm going to just paste this name.
I'm going to have a selling of
ten this time, quality of 20.
Woop, went too fast.
Const, items equals gilded rose,
update quality,
and now I expect that the items quality,
>> Francesca Sadikin: There is going to
be, let me look 20, so 22, okay.
Same deal here, I'm going to just double
check that even when we increment by two,
it's never gonna be more than 50,
never more than 50.
So I'm gonna change this quality to 50.
It's going to fail,
I'm just gonna let it run, yep.
And then received 50.
There we go.
And then we have a third case.
It increments quality by three
when there are five days or less,
so specifically between five and one days.
So it should increase quality
by three when the selling is
between five days and one.
Here's my callback and
here's my gilded rose shop.
With a single item,
I'm gonna grab that string.
>> Francesca Sadikin: This time,
I'm going have a selling
of five and a quality of 20.
I'm going to create my items and
here's from update quality.
Now I expect that the items quality
is going to be, lemme look at it.
20 increments by three, 23, okay.
As you guys expected,
we're gonna check again that
it's never gonna be more than
50 in this case as well.
There we go, this is going to fail,
I'm gonna let it fail.
Yeah, received 50.
Okay, we're almost done, we have one more.
Quality drops to zero when
has a selling of zero, sorry,
drops to zero when
the selling date has passed.
So I'll call it, it should drop quality
to zero when selling has passed.
>> Francesca Sadikin: So here I'm going
to create my new gilded rose shop.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Drops to
zero after the concert, okay.
With a single item,
I'm gonna grab this string.
This time, I'm going to have a selling
of zero, and then in quality of 20.
I'm going to grab items from gilded rose,
update quality.
And then going to write my assertion now.
So here, the first items
quality is going to be zero.